        d) this is an idea i had what do you think
  available in this session. why?
▎ "What reverse proxy does the homelab use and why was it chosen over alternatives?"
"Check memory for what we decided about the reverse proxy and why"
alright so whats the total build for hack lab
also know our pve2 has 250gb space i think might even be 100 double check but pve1 has 1 tb
And you choose. This is all in my server rack. So what's the smartest decision? Trying to standardize.
are we able to run a model that moitors and keeps the server healthy?
Are we at that point yet, or are we still working?
are we changing our method or no?
are we getting tmeout issues on scoring?
are we just breaking it or actually getting somewhere?
are we sure its ifxed?
are we using whonix?
be intelligent in picking what we need and what constitutes being added
best option what do you think?
better lore which
bigger picture, what do we need to figure out to improve
but how far do we want to break into catagories
but when would it know to use it
but when would it no
caddy should have repladed it go check then yes proceed
can we analyze our usage and resources and ensure we are balanced effectively? do we need anything else hosted to measure?
can we check like reddit or github whatever for opinions
can we get all the mcp tools required to use the home pc? and set up wake to lan? we want what work pc has but not we need on home pc for full control and set up ollama
can we research all options and see what people recomend
can we research this online see what others are doing or new tech?
can we see where our research is compared to real lab studies on ai memory?
can we try bert thing or what does that look like
Can you fix this and get this off the repo then and keep the research private? Commit and push. Do whatever you need now.
can you look where our claude remote is on the server
can you research deeply or me to see what others are saying?
check graph what do we think
check if its alll healthy. also i have a pve with x2 4g ram should we load it in or no
check macos mini for the usb with monteray download for the patcher osc something
check memories now
check to see the contaier is working
check what was on it. is this a big set back?
claude doesnt know to use it should we make it a tool call webhooke before runnign anything? what about os layer?
cool now as for guacomole how do i access
did we add firefly and wallo?
did we change something that prevents this issue? we dont want to posion our data, we can rerun if we need too through the convo
did you deploy it check coolify
do more research on the subject what edge can we find
do we add memories and seed or no?
do we have auto recovery?
do we have lightrag and coolidy mcps?
do we need tailscale or is that overcomplicating it
do we need to do what we are doing right now what are we trying to accomplish
do we replace guac? i hat guac and ill never use it
done, but first lets plan what we will do with this mac. should we host all mcps from it?
explain what this does and how does it work
fixed with that. how do we fix this long term
for our homelab, how do we feel about adding reticulum or other cool radio softwares for communications?
for some reason im having crazy dns issues why is that
for some reason im having crazy dns issues why is that its like connection is dropping and then coming back and its spotty
for sure. so do we wait now or anthing to start looking for or what
for the most accessed memories isnt it just smarter to set a counter or something for how many times a memory is accessed? or is this method you have bette
go into the show yourself
good do we keep the new pve02 name?
got it now we are going to start a new session what do we want to do
great now what else should we fix in our homelab?
hardware we have ready for disposal are 3 more 7060s 16gb ram, a mac mini
hardware we have ready for disposal are 3 more 7060s 16gb ram, a mac mini 2014 intended for apple ecosystem access for the ai, or we can build something on facebook marketplace wit
have i lost progress? how long to get back to where i was
he homelab MCP server (including gpt-researcher) just disconnected — those tools are no longer
here thing shows black can my hardware hanle this
how about chatgpt codex instead with a wrapper?
how about streaming music
how big are backups?
how can i give that too another claude to set up
how confident are we in this idea
how did you know about lightrag?
how do i do sync with her
how do i invite her
how do i know its not like cable or phone line or something
how do i ssh to it?
how do our memories look? should we start fresh? reformat? back load chats?
how do we get better eval score
how do we improvce
how do we improve
how do we prevent this from happening also i want you to reference the memory graph do we add or not add anything
how do we stream it so we dont need to ownload
how do we test it. delete sssion handoff
how do we test the memory for when we are planning for example
how do we upgrade?
how do we use it?
how does memcore actualy give claude code memory? is it a call? injected? should we make a plugin?>
how does our systemderiv truth
how easily repairable is a rock crack in windshield
how is the memories looking?
how long did one take? is it better to use 14b on home? we used 14 cents
how our benchmar
how you using haiku
hows it looking compared to the set before
hows mcp working
hows memories now
hows our memory right now
hows the container?
https://guacamole.home.lab/ not going anywhere
hwhats best long term
i bought it what do you need form porkbun
i build like this each day. question is if i want to start building autonomously do we use claude code?
i cant access .homelab.lab why? dns is set
I don't believe I triggered them. I'm kinda managing some stuff. Maybe I hit a wire, but I don't remember doing so. And, yes, we're working on jelly sear right now.
i feel like pihole isnt removing ads am i crazy can you check
i have both 16gb ram 1 with kingston ssd sata 500gb and 1 with sky 1tb ssd nvme which gets pve3 and which gets kali box
i have pve 7050 with 250ssd nme and 500 sata ssd which do i install os on?
i have ryanwreid/homelab-ui which is myy interface to my system and then i use clawdbot on 203 as my systemwide bot
i just want streaming though for when i dont want to wait and download
i mean based on the homelab docs is it worth using kimi? what are people using on reddit
i mean how would we cleanly reorganize? without needing to reset up
i mean i want to be able to see when thngs break? so monitoring is a requirment
i mean look online what do people recommend 7b or 14b
i mean you know our plan and what we have. whats the bes move right now
i restarted server check everything
i think it may be an issue when i have multiple sessions open
i think we just need to use claude code for where thinking is needed and then we do most of the work locally if we can
i want to install macos onto 2014 mac mini. long story short having issues doing anfs to drive which is required because it says it needs partitions however i formatted drive
I'm just saying, should we do the 99? Or is this better? What would an IT senior IT guy do?
If this really does outperform what's currently out there, what do I do?
im asking are my hardware up to what is required to run two instaces
im asking what is the bert approach?
im saying its slow check resources
im seing memory go up constantly how do we manage what chats go to memory? what memory databases are used? (personal, work, homelab) is seperate do we do all in one and seperat lat
is it ready? check everything
is ntfy something we should incorporate everywhere?
it created two hooks we need to look at that why is there two
it turned off  dont know why?
its bugging ou why isnt anything working
its on glinet but when i connect to router it doesnt reolve
its up you do the rest. what is it that we want to do with it?
jellyfin not showing downloaded movies from radarr
keep building or test we can build some tests like how do i know if its working hen i working
keep in mind. a source of truth is very needed. right now do we build more or keep waiting for more memories
lets enrich some widgets for homelab-ui. what should we add? can we hook up ntfy to notifications in the ui?
lets evaluate where we are at. do we update memory? are we starting new session? cntinue? git?
lets focus on the memcore lets revaluate what we should build out next
lets get away from my personal thinking and assess this from a cost effective angle. which is best?
lets get this running which node should we put this on?
lets keep researching add what we have so far to docs
lets look at homelab_ui are we missing anything thing i need to manage and use my server? services, apps, etc.
lets look at memcore, where are we at and what are our next steps to grow
lets look at some convos and see how its actually recording
lets read the project and memcore status, where are we at? how are the memories looking right now
lets research how to enrih that further than hardcoding worders
lets research how to get this task done
lets research this, maybe we find a solution that slo helps slve the tool use of not kn owing how to use them
like going bakc and fourth on my hack box why we are choosing the decisions we make it should get smarter right?
like i want to interact when building but it should be like server side claude code
like we want to be documentng this somewhere to keep a source of truth on how we are progrssing
look to what others are doing
love it, now go through other services to find which ones we need to do the same too
max token limit? what should it be? if any
minemap.lol hows this
needs auth is what it says
new question so rn we are working on homelab and thats great for memory but what if we work on a project or personal issue will it gt added to memory? is that ok?
Nexterm what about this? use memory to look at our mesh network stuff
no lets just go over what happened
now how are we doing compared to memorypalace on github do research
now i want to add girfriend to network but i only want her on when i let her for this reason we are watching on jellyfin watch party. after i want to disable her access best soluti
now lets access my work computer remeber when we add mcps we want to edit the user claude .jsno
now lets assess what we have. for ai i want to make sure we are building something sustainable. should we move anything or build anything to improve our system?
now researh the gaps and learn from what we dealt with
now what about the tools? we want to install claude code
now what if i need to use memories form another project?
now what if we have a daemond that needs to use browser and click around to link things is that going to cause issues?
ok lets do mesh central butu what ui is there
ok so lets assume that for now what do i need else for the system
ok so what prompt to i give the new session
Okay. Now as for the other idea, what if I start dispatching agents that are doing stuff that require storage space?
omen 15 runs hot from what i remeber can u see if this is true and look it up
perfect well whats next
question is since i use ai for everything, management, i never touch it myself decise what tools are better as an mcp
question now is, should we move any of the containers what do we want pve01 to have since its the most powerful? or build/buy new node?
refer to idea docs is claudeclaw better? what makes open claw best
research more and find all options in reddit and what people are talking about in 2026
research online what others are doing
reshow the memories looking?
should i keep screen on in server rack an show metrics on it
should i use the cloud services? can we look into it. if whats the cost and tradeoff compared to mine
shows streaming server not avaialble
so are we all setup
so can we ponder how to achieve that? if we need more research we can find an api to ingest and compare research from others
so do we check back at 500?
so explain to me what its good at and what its not
so for osint mcp what does that look like
so for our memory graph how will it know when to overwrite memories say an entity changes or memory is stale
so how can we enrich this mesgh system of developing. dashboard? commands? our own mcp? get creative but find porven methods that support our idea
so how do we download hoppers
so how do we enter remotely?
so how do we find movies we want
so how do we keep track on all the memories of the daemonds. is it deleted when task is done?
so how do we setup jellyfin and everything to start streaming movies
so how should we solve this issue? should we consult ai research online?
so i want to transisiton from spotify to lidarr. whats the best way to do that? is lidarr the best replacement?
so interactive work is claude code like what we are doing now development.
so is running dbian headless and have kali redundant? or is that where we store mcps to be used by claude code on kali vm? also should we spin up a vm everytime we brows deep web o
so it appears it may be against tos to the claude code thing. how likely is it we wil get caught?
so just wantd to run an idea if we were to skip the omen as the media server how would the main one perform? could or should we move some containers to the 7050?
so lets look on git for people who have attempted this idea and what they found lets learn from people.
so now that you have access to both pve how do we make this work
so pve03 is for our ai stuff but we have a fourth box ready to go what are we calling it
so pve03 ready for setup what do i put as host name what were the other ones setup as
so quick question if this is the homelab graph what happens when i use claude code or talk about personal things like fitness or health
so she sees a pause button but nothing is playing how do we solve this look it u
so should we use a locall llm? what model works with our hardware?
so the graph is kind of populating can we check if ollama is doing it?
so there are still sign in pages i feel like i have to sign in stilll everywhere i go
so to get better we need what
so we have pve01/pve2 and then pve-hack whats pve-3 for?
so we have two 6tb drives whats th setup?
so what do i give new session to build this?
so what do you know so far
so what else can we do? are our devices on tailscale all meshed?
So what happens if I just don't do it?
so what mcps do we need now that we can add with the services we have. lets manage our mcp inventory and also check the health of each that we have so far
so whats a good test i cn try
so whats best way to vnc?
so whats nxt step
so whats the move forward to ensure we are going into the correct direction
so when does it make sense to add ane xternal firewall?
tailscale on do health check ensure everything is on
that link doesnt work though it goes nowhere
thats what i mean
the graph is falk shows to 1200 still
The question is or we reinventing the wheel or are we ofeering something noone has done yet
this happened before. the pass we set was jellyfin/Unknown6557? whats the ip instead of the home.lab one
this is crazy fast bro, whats the next steps. its still going
this is great, also look at /Users/ryanreid/Development/Projects/homelab/ideas/memcore-architecture.m
vm 203 not working still. which is wierd cause we can in proxmox
wait why did we make a wakeonlan? is there a better solution for this? you should be able to ssh into it get it working no set up script
Wait. So did we learn anything from that run? What was the result
Walk me through how to configure the port. I mean, I don't know how to configure anything on this catalyst.
we dont want to get to custom we want what works. so to achieve all of what i want what should we run containerized
we have a 2014 mac mini with a hard drive different the what came with tit. how to get it working?
we have a new version why do i see the old one?
we updated the doc what do you think?
We wanna make sure that we are showcasing our long term goals. And how it currently measures against its competitors.
we want ai to do osint but we need to do this securely possibly even consider another ai seperate from our openclaw. do we need more hardware to air gap?
we want the benchmark everyone esle is using we need to research how to do this effectively and not get wrapped up in building a false benchmark
we want to get this working perfectly to recall with high accuracy and allow understanding at all times we outlined idea in /ideas what is next step
we were ssh with tool just fine what happened.
well i suppose we now just have pve3 so whats the plan for kali box. sff or another micro
well lets analyze all containers at the moment and what we want to add and lets look at what they do and knowing the 7090 is the better computer whats worth utilizing those resourc
well with what we have so far what can we get started on? the third node is not in yet
Well, going over why not using memOS. There were some reasons for it that they had in some previous conversations. I we basically went over and decided it was best to bill from wha
what about iphone
what about like metasploit mcp
what about memorypalace?
what about nextcloud or penpot?
what about open claw? also can we get away from claude code and do something local? what hardware would i need?
what about points
what about superclaude
what about the research doc
what about vidora api or streaming rather than download? music?
what about viewing reddit links?
what are we running on omen
what are you oing
what did we last do
what did we learn
what did you do to pve2 its wiped?!
what do they do?
what do we have left to add? can we use tools in metamcp? how should isolation work. n8n workflow with data files on people?
what do you think we got
what does homelab do that wouldnt wrk here
what does she type in aserver url
what does this tell us?
what else do we need to add to our homelab
what else left to fix
what else to add
what ever is the cleanest number to our homelab device setup
what happened to internet
what happened to our research pipe,ine where we grab dynamic data and all of that
what happens if dmv finds out
what hardware for that llm a 3060? 20 series?
what hardware is mac
what is happening with homelab connection not working metamcp
what is my homelab missing?
what is reddit saying?
what is the scale of what i want give me an example
what mcps tools?
what n8n workflows do we need right now?
what new memories do we have im running three things simultaniouls
what other areas should i give the other ai to look into to populate the memory?
what othr ideas do we have we can work on? look in i/ideas
what recent update was made for claude
what should we add? use our researcher
what should we build next? lets evaluate where we are at
what to know about my pve-hack
what was the first luster idea
what was the recent meltdown
what we want to do is cmpletely clear it right now
What's the best option?
whats a good one
whats best for reliablity and our later ideas?
whats happening is dns slowing down
whats in our todo
whats my metamcp password and user
whats next for memcore?
whats next for the memcore
whats our nxt steps
whats password for wraith
whats the best option long term
whats the chances of getting breached if its on network?
whats the cost ram wise? what can ia fford?
whats the notfication setuo
whats the plan to get it on the network and have you access it once its installed
whats the simplest solution lets not overenineer anything we dont have too whats going to get us closest to better benchmark
whats wrong with memcore
whatss next any other improvements?
when do we build more
when i click notification i want to see more details, lets plan how we view. ideas: notifications app that brings up full page, redirects to ntfy, popup.
when i go to convert to apfs it says dfailed requires partition scheme
when was it released
where does she do it in browser
where to eat. all i had today was double chicken bowl el pollo loco
which is better according to you
why am i getting video not playable?
why are you suggesting we stop?
why did we go backwards?
why is authenk still there? is it on homelab still?
why is coolify not loading
why is it so  slow?
why kali headless?
why no tailscale?
why not draw.io?
why not ethernet tho it should be cnnected. shows it it
why not increase the resources. i will keep dveloping
why not like mesh central or kasm. i just want a unified workspace to do all this
why not litellm i thought that was the plan
windows pc is online and work pc we want to get those working. how?
wire graphiti in and run a small benchmark and see how we do 20 questions
woah did we kill the session
worked! whats name and info i put in how should we name this on the network
Yeah. But do you see how that's kinda, like, weird looking?
yes go check now the storage
yes lets do it, also what about proxmox firewall and removeing opnsense?
yes lets get it all setup and documented however we may need to increase resources
yes lets plan this out and reavaluate when we have a plan
yes, also we need to update the github readme to show everything up to date
yes, now whats the working idea
you should have full control of windows why not?
you were researching with agent what did you find
